intro-to-web-development: content without diagrams (#2)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-2: intro-to-web-development/sequence-diagrams.md

1. The database sends a message back to the `ValidateUser` back-end service with the user details (labeled User Details).
1. The back-end service continues doing interesting logic around logging in the user; it needs to ask itself to validate the user now, with an arrow labeled `validateUser()` pointing to itself
1. The back-end service sends a result back to the Login Screen. This message, labeled `result`, will carry the results of the login process
1. The Login Screen finally gives a message back to the end-user named `showMessage`. The message the login screen shows to the user is probably about if the user has logged in or not.

## Vertical Lines Are Objects, Actors, or Processes

In sequence diagrams, each vertical column represents an object, actor, or process.

Because this curriculum encourages using sequence diagrams in the informal, abstract ways, examples of different objects, actors, or processes we may see are:

1. User, front-end, back-end API, database
1. End-user, client, server

## Horizontal Lines Are Messages Passed Inbetween

> In sequence diagrams, each horizontal line is usually an arrow that represents a message being sent. **Message** is a generic term to mean one discrete piece of communication. Messages can likely be an HTTP request or HTTP response. However, messages could also be a function call, or an abstract message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In sequence diagrams, each horizontal line is usually an arrow that represents a message being sent. **Message** is a generic term to mean one discrete piece of communication. Messages are often an HTTP request or HTTP response. However, messages can also be a function call, or an abstract message.
```

### Example: Client-Server Diagram

### Example: End-user, Front-end, Back-end, Database Diagram

### !callout-info

## Relationship between Front-end and Client, Back-end and Server

If you notice a relationship between front-end and client, and back-end and server, you're onto something! This pattern is not a coincidence. Although there are plenty of exceptions, it is fair to notice that front-end layers are often describing what's displayed on a web browser. A front-end layer may need to communicate with a back-end layer by sending a request following the client-server model. In this case, the front-end is the client, and the back-end is the server. More details on these messages are covered in detail about HTTP requests and responses.

### !end-callout

## Check for Understanding

<!-- Question 1 -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
### !challenge
* type: ordering
* id: Coou7j
* title: Sequence Diagrams
##### !question

Given this diagram, order these following options in sequential order. The first message sent should be listed first, and the last message sent should be listed last.

##### !end-question
##### !answer

> 1. User

Reviewer: 'User' doesn't seem to match the other options - all of the other options are an action by an entity.  User is just an entity.  Suggest changing to "User clicks on [something]"

Author: Fantastic call!! Thanks.

I'll update it now with some "dummy" text, although I wonder if I'll be able to get a sequence diagram to actually base this off (Now when I look at these two CFU questions again, they make nooooo sense hahahaha)

```suggestion
1. User clicks on the home button of a web page
```
